== EventMachine::Protocols::SimpleTelnet

Provides telnet client functionality.

This class derived from the Net::Telnet class in Ruby's standard library.
It was developed with simplicity in mind. It tries to hide the complexity
that normally comes with asynchronous programming using the Fiber class
found in Ruby 1.9.

== Overview

The telnet protocol allows a client to login remotely to a user account on a
server and execute commands via a shell.  The equivalent is done by creating
a EventMachine::Protocols::SimpleTelnet instance with the <tt>:host</tt>
option set to your host along with a block which defines the task to be done
on the host. Inside the task you can issue one or more #cmd calls. After the
block is executed, #close is automatically called.

This class can also be used to connect to non-telnet services, such as SMTP
or HTTP.  In this case, you normally want to provide the <tt>:port</tt>
option to specify the port to connect to, and set the <tt>:telnet_mode</tt>
option to +false+ to prevent the client from attempting to interpret telnet
command sequences.  Generally, #login will not work with other protocols,
and you have to handle authentication yourself.

== Examples

  EventMachine.run do

    opts = {
      host: "localhost",
      username: "user",
      password: "secret",
    }

    EM::P::SimpleTelnet.new(opts) do |host|
      # already logged in
      puts host.cmd("ls -la")
    end
  end

== References

There are a large number of RFCs relevant to the Telnet protocol.
RFCs 854-861 define the base protocol.  For a complete listing
of relevant RFCs, see
http://www.omnifarious.org/~hopper/technical/telnet-rfc.html
